Validation Bulk Fixes (#224)
MicrosoftDocs/bingmaps-docs: BingMaps/rest-services/common-parameters-and-types/type-identifiers/index.md

---
# required metadata
title: "Type Identifiers | Microsoft Docs"

> description: Learn about top-level IDs used by the Bing Maps APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: An overview page listing the top-level type identifiers used by the Bing Maps APIs.
```
